wait that's what the other guy says well
that's not what I say that's what the
other guy says hold on hold on okay
how's that okay so here's what we're
doing we're doing on shape for the first
time and all I got
are calipers and the
solenoid and just this we're going to
um okay we're going to we're going to
see what we can do I think I have
drawings too I didn't pull those up yet
um whatever we'll we'll just do it
without them okay so this
is top how do we want to model this we
want to model this
like this
ax and okay so to start okay I don't
know how any of on shape works but
um actually I'm going to do an infusion
and then I'm going to do it in because I
can't change too much at a time but I do
want to do this housing with the sheet
metal tool cuz I've never done that and
I was watching videos about it and it
looks kind of
cool okay
all right
sweet
um so wait first we want to do new
component standard sheet metal and this
is going to be case casing I don't know
okay now in here going to create
a
uh see it's weird because it goes up and
around
so no that's fine right so let's just
get the uh
yeah right because there's a Bend radius
so you got to take that into
account the
total
outer is
39 and the
inner 33 wait 33 yeah so the inner is 33
this is going to be wait
33 and what is the width of this
thing that's
32 oh wa wait this is touching this
wire 30 32 okay so what did I say so
30 33 by 32
okay and then I actually don't know how
to do wait can we just do can we just do
this I think you go to sheet metal then
you do new
component and then you it's probably
aluminum wait maybe it's steel I
actually have no idea maybe it's steel
but it's
um case and how does this work create a
sketch 33
uh rectangle 33x
32 and the short side is not the side
that gets flanged so we want to finish
this sketch we want to flange it
right and then what do I do I click on
an edge right so this is okay and we
want to flange this
right okay wait but does that how did
that bend it
I feel like okay so that
like put it on the inside but what we're
saying is oh yeah there you go outside
so now if we okay so let's just do that
and then we're going to flange this is
there
a dude if you're in sheet metal you
should just be able to
like is this also okay this is outside
so now what we want is that the this to
here is going to be
39 wait 30 oh but that's because um
uh how do you do it you have to like set
the thickness of it document settings
maybe
um physical
material sheet oh it's a
rules wait but how do I edit this so the
thickness is not that but it's so oh
wait but do I want to make my own it
probably won't overwrite why would they
do that wait wait wait let's just do new
rule yeah this is um whatever and it's
three and I have no idea I don't think
I'm going to get the K Factor but I
don't think that's really relevant what
is the K Factor by the way um K Factor
metal there's no Wikipedia
the K factor is a ratio of the
location
huh okay so uh but we want to go to
right so wait so we got this and now but
now we have to apply it right so we say
close but now we have to do
um how do you set the rule physical
material
no now it just froze my thing
great I don't want to look it
up
properties okay wait um
fin model please please tell me his has
sections adap changing rules aftering
theable materials onsite I decided to go
with2 aluminum with a th of or 2.6m this
thck Alum is both durable and
lightweight making it perfect for the
laptop stand under the modif drop down
the she metal tab you will find the she
metal rules this dialog includes rules
used in this design as well as a small
library of rules while hover over any
these rules you find that we can create
a new rle started with the ex let's
create a new R from the aluminum for
stter I recomend aluminum laptop stand
most important the thick of in the
second option is the K factor or the
ratio between the neutralis of the part
and the thickness of materal the
neutralis is where the material doesn't
elongate or compress during theed the
factor and all requ details arec laid
out on website this has a ke factor of
so update that in the dialog you also to
check the radius us will default this to
the material thickness but this may be
slightly larger than thickness such as
in or inch lastly you will see you can
find the MIT RI and SE Gap notice the
default input contains the thick
variable this will der the value from
the thick input above experiencal users
can also talk the V conditions and
Corner conditions notice sh be set
around straight and te now that we
filled out theed rules we can click okay
to save the new rule if cre in the this
design section we can right cck to copy
library we can close this dialog head to
the Brows to app at this only cre orinal
comp oh wait
what oh there we go uh wait do I need to
um do I need do I need to copy the
library okay oh okay I don't know if
that's I needed to do that but um switch
rule Ste one um okay so it's now
slightly thicker and this should be 39
perfect and then this should be what
32 okay perfect so now we just need to
edit this to
be and this FL okay wait oh this is
going to be tough because it needs to be
this minus three that's actually
easy
64 that could be wait I'm gonna actually
look up the answers because
uh whoa dude
dude no we're not doing that I mean
we're not doing that I'm not condoning
that we are both you know just we're a
little North for
that
um okay wait hold on I gotta I got to
turn this off and I got to um go to
Amazon and look at my orders and find
those drawings
okay yeah so wait it's 64 outside 32 oh
and this is
38 that one says 38 I feel like mine is
39 let me
yeah mine's definitely 39 I'm going to
go with that even though that this says
that it's 38 I don't I don't buy
it core length 12 okay so wait let's
just
um oh yeah you can't see anything but
that's okay hold on hold on hold
on okay
yeah 2% well good for you man wait uh
okay I feel like my mic has been so
freaking [__] okay whatever so we
have these oh my God you got to be
kidding me all right that's just good
enough we need for now this is the best
one
um
okay okay so this needs to go up by 64
and so does
this and then and then we flange both of
these
oops and this goes halfway so if that's
39 then this is going to go over
two right and then
this wait wait but did we do that right
because can we look at it from this view
see this looks over because we want this
to actually be an
inside so if I click okay then this to
here should be 64 perfect and then this
we flange that sheet and we just go to
here oh
[__] and we make it
inside okay that's it
oh wait it's uh 0
five and and actually I don't know if it
knows that these are
joined okay so the next I said I was
going to do this in 30 minutes let's see
if we can do it um
what else what other dimensions do we
have okay we need to do the holes and
these are reflected so let's make a mid
plane so wait this part no this part's
not done what the hell am I talking
about so this is a
midplane and then
um this is going to be a different part
so this is just going to like uh this
whole assembly with the coil and the
thing is going to get jointed to this so
all we need to do the
holes and that's it and are there holes
on so there's just holes okay that's it
so this is 36 I'm actually going to
measure that though because they kind of
lied to me about one of
them now that's 36 and then okay so and
presumably it's in the center so we can
just draw a sketch on
here make a construction line like
this and like this okay then we need
wait is it it doesn't actually look
centered this is
64 I mean they like they want you to
believe it's centered but it's it's not
centered okay well
from let's see that's the top well it's
actually the same on both sides cuz we
need oh we need to do those holes that's
what we need to do so we draw a circle
here oh wait this is not a construction
Circle this is a real hole and then the
distance from here to there is going to
be uh what did I say
35 minus
3 wait yeah no that's right and then
this and this are Co what
oh so what else do I need oh the radius
the radius of these holes does it give
me
that okay hold
on the king of
Haiti what's up with wet cheese
grater wait
really hold on
oh wait here's the
drawing okay so
um 12
yeah so there's
that was that a what is that random ass
diagonal what does that even mean this
diagonal is so
confusing what is this 36 here
for okay whatever there's 12 there so
let's just draw that
so wait this is right is that fully
constrained oh no but we need the radius
of
them oh wait but we need to know they're
probably M3 let's
see a
um dude these say8 amps what the
hell okay I'm just going to say they're
M3
because why does the thing have so many
holes these aren't holes these are just
like texture I don't know why they have
texture but uh these These are the only
holes and they're the only ones I'm
going to
model okay so let's just draw the upper
one
uh okay wait this is going to be nine
first off this is driving me
crazy okay so this is uh
12 and uh this is
nine right no wait what
nine well wait this
is yeah that should be right but why is
this so far
over that doesn't look like
nine what is it actually that's the
question okay it's
nine this just doesn't look right and
then this is uh
three so is
this okay and then this is mirrored no I
don't I don't know it's probably Mir
yeah and then
um is that mirrored across that
line This is 16 so
no wait I don't know
maybe yeah so definitely
not 16 not 12 okay so let's undo this
we're going to draw a circle here we're
going to mirror
this across here then we're going to say
this is what did we say 16 and then we
said this is still three and then um
this and this are horizontal and then
we're good so okay so let's just uh make
those holes and we'll add we'll actually
add the threads I
guess yeah we should add the threads so
this goes to here and let's do it to
object and then that's okay and then we
want
to uh we want to
mirror uh the
feature across that midplane that we
made so now we have all of the holes oh
wait actually I want to undo that
because I want to also mirror the thread
feature um so that we don't have to
click on more circles so this this this
can we do multiple at a time we should
be able to and we just do thread
and then it's not going to be M3 by2
it's probably going to be this and then
should we do it
modeled we're not going to be 3D
printing it so we probably shouldn't
okay so now we can do um mirror features
and both of
them and then across this mirror plane
and so this is the whole part oh we just
need holes now so the diameter of the
like back the back part of the shaft
11.5 they're probably it's probably 12
then this is five wait what is this five
I don't know why five is there wait this
is 12 so we need a 12 mmle probably a 13
mm hole in the center of that so what's
the what's the top this is the top so
this is the bottom we're going to create
a sketch we're going to draw
construction lines again
boom boom and we're going to draw a
circle on here that is uh
13 and this is not construction geometry
oops and that's that's the that's it
right um okay so let's just finish that
up and then um on here we just do the
same thing oops
what they say
nine oh
five oh so let's make it
six and there's like an o-ring on there
but I don't really care about
that I mean we will need to get that
right oh wait but it has it has had the
total
somewhere okay I need to look back at
the thing to know but I'm pretty sure it
said like 125 like
total Okay so let's just
um why do I always do that okay great
great great great so now this is this
component is good so now we can do
um this is going to be not a sheet metal
this is going to be a normal component
and this is going to be
coil coil and
plunger or whatever I mean I'm going to
model it all as just a solid body I'm
not going to not going to worry about oh
wait
actually should I try to do the motion
link I don't
know the problem is we're supposed to do
a whole bunch of other stuff cuz I
really want to get the print going
so how do I want to do this okay that's
12 that's 18
right okay so let's
just oh uh basically this
um this program lets you do basic things
where two components can move in
relation to each other so like for Gears
you can have like
uh you can link their Ro their
rotational joint point so that when this
one moves this one moves and then you
can get the the gears to mesh
like uh in the program so that you you
know that it works or
whatever
um and I think they do have like a
linear uh motion link but
uh let's
see yeah so we don't have any joints yet
so we can't do this yet um but okay but
we do have this component and what do we
want to do to start I feel like I want
to do it in a different place I feel
like this is just do it elsewhere so
this is going to
be um I mean it's interesting though
because we kind of do want the motion
link or at least we
want let's see if that 35
mm really is true
well I guess I'll not include the O-ring
to be
generous 35 they are not lying cool so
we have 30 we actually do have 35
millimeters of travel um so let's start
with the back which is
18 and this we're going to
[Music]
extrude oh well that's kind of the weird
part is okay so if we were going to
model the
coil um there's a little notch in there
so that's okay so I'm just going to
model all right okay and I'm going to
model it just with a big ass hole in the
middle I
think okay let's ignore those parts so
instead uh we're going to undo this
we're going to make a new component and
this is going to be called the coil
and this is just and it's I'm going to
make it maybe arbitrary who cares
right yeah fine 30 sounds
good
30 and this is going to get extruded by
oh wait so let's save this this is going
to be the um
solenoid metal
casing okay this is going to be extruded
by oh yeah we have to measure it's going
to go all the way from here to all the
way to there so
58 but wait we need to put a hole
through it and we're going to put a hole
that is 13 mm because the coil is
12 uh so so now we can extrude this by
58 and that's the entire component I
mean that's all I'm going to do I'm not
going to add wires or anything anything
silly um and so that is all good now we
just need to make a new component and
this is called the
plunger and um how do we want to do this
because well let's do it in its resting
state I feel like that makes the most
sense so we're going to draw a sketch on
this
face and this is going to be 12 and we
extrude this by
it should be 35
right it's got to be 35 wait why is it
say
39 it should be 35 because this whole
thing moves up until that
inner let's see if I mess up the
calipers oh because it doesn't go all
the way it stops at like a gap of um
well it's got to be a gap of uh 4
MIM well it says
seven but it's got to be four so anyways
we're just going to extrude that by
um wait is there a difference in whole
sizing
here did I no I didn't know okay so wait
redo that we're going to shoot this by
39 I
said and then what there's like a 1
mm Circle and I'm not going to model the
rivet so and I'm not going to model the
spring so on here great sketch wait did
I say nine no that's 12 so then this is
going to be 18 and we're just going to
extrude this
by two okay so now the idea is first off
we need to take
[Music]
uh this face and we're going to extrude
it to here I
guess no no we can't do that because
somewhere in the middle here so let's do
it so let's do it um like
nothing so then here let's just I this
is not correct but whatever we're going
to assume that this is now five so we're
going to draw sketch on here we're going
to draw
five and we're going to extrude this up
until the
top okay and
then we have an 8 mm head or something
like
that
wait no I think that's the
okay that's
seven that's 11 I'm going to go with 11
on that
plus wait let me just do
this 17 I'm just going to say that that
whole head thing is 17 so but we do want
to model the shape of it so we're going
to draw a sketch on here and it's going
to be
um we just treat it all like this let
well this
not but I don't need to model though I
don't care I really don't so it's just
going to say it's
seven oh wait but it's a polygon so we
what we actually want is not a
circle we want to draw a what is it
called
uh uh I think it's
circumscribed so uh so polygon
circumscribed polygon so this is the
flats distance that we're oh why do I
always do that dude I'm so silly uh
polygon I always click C because I'm so
used to clicking C so now this over two
so it's going to be 7 over two and then
we're going to apply a horizontal
constraint to that because for some
reason there's they never automatic Al
do it and then we're going to extrude
this just by
17 so that's oh um but we need to um we
need to fill
it I think I can just select these
points
right see fill
it um I don't know by 0.
five wait we need this
too what the hell
by one no but that doesn't it doesn't
make it a
dome yeah it's it's one of those non
okay do I really need to model this I
don't need to model this that's good
enough so okay but now we want to do the
motion link thing or no now we just want
to do an as built
joint and we want it to be
slider I'm pretty sure we want it to be
a
slider and then it's going to be this
okay but it's the other way
around do I need to do I need to click
the slider on here
then oh wait wait as built
joint as built joint this and this and
it's a slider and then we want to select
this right no oh yeah pound
town we want
to the axis is correct
but oh wait you know what it is it's
that we want to ground wait
no we want to ground this to parent but
then this is the thing that needs to
move
oh there we go maybe it was just
um l so wait the uh the minimum is zero
the maximum is
perfect preview
limits wait does it bottom out yeah it
does rest to
zero nice okay so that's sweet so this
is the uh so oid coil now we just need
to do the assembly which is uh undo undo
undo okay this is uh insert
component uh this is the worst I hate
doing this
okay yep all good insert component and
then you got to go to admin project then
you got to do this and then you got to
then you finally get to do this okay so
now we want to do
that uh that this joins to this and we
want to flip
it oh
wait well yeah we should have wait hold
on maybe like
one oh minus
three wait I said minus three oh minus
minus three L okay there we go wait did
I do that right right yeah I
did sweet okay so now we want to just do
uh yeah the coil no the coil should not
be grounded but this should be grounded
okay and then we want to look at the
joints and we want to animate this joint
relationship perfect that's literally
that's it so we're good so this is just
going to be called
solenoid
nice um
okay now we need to build we need to
open
up um what is it going to be called I
I'm so bad at naming and stuff like this
it's just cuz the program sucks I
believe it's going to
be pan only shooter and then from there
I can find what I need I got to go
Happ
e e
okay okay I'm back dude I um oh yeah
this is just an assembly file we need to
dude I think I'm going to do a stream
later not today but like
sometime about hemoglobin and those
those AIS that uh predict the structure
of
proteins okay yeah this is so okay this
is actually a clean this is fine so all
we need to do
is oh but these are probably midpoints
so we need
to I mean I could just do
this which is the easiest
option and so we want to make this so if
we're looking
here let's just uh let's just
um do an edit in
place I don't really know what that
means but let's just extrude this by um
so
interestingly there's oh wait wait wait
how how does this how's this going to
look this is going to look like from the
side
um yeah I returned my tablet I bought I
bought like a drawing tablet so that I
could do this easier and it was terrible
then I used an iPad with an apple pencil
it was so much better but whatever I'm
just going to use my Mouse so okay so uh
this is what it looks like right
now um and then what we want it to look
like is basically another freaking one
of
these and it's going to go so then from
the
side um the side looks like uh
this but now it's going to look
like this and then the wheels are here
and then
then um the wheels are
there but we need a a thing that like a
that goes
up and so then this is the channel so to
add some 3D shape to this even though
it's supposed to be a cross-section so
this is all channeled like this and then
so I guess I didn't draw this part right
so
this okay this is like a block oh why
did it get
small oh that's too
much okay that
um okay this is that
channel and oh it needs to actually be
short so then
here we're going to have a
plate so I don't know if I should make
the from the top down maybe it should
look like this so
okay but then there needs to be
the the the housing on top so this this
thing needs to have a feeder coming from
the top so I don't need to draw those
lines but that's just to help me anyway
so then the plunger is right
here then there's going to be the
holes and we only need four I'm not
going to model that freaking but then we
also need this to be through hole so I
need to add holes to here so that I can
do it from the cuz otherwise I can't
really do it or what I could do is I
could build I could build it
like okay so so it looks like this and
these are holes and this is on top of
oops oh undo is left click or right
click that's great okay so it goes here
and there's
holes
and
um then
so this gets it aligned so that the the
wheels are literally going to be
like like
this um and so then this goes across
like
that okay and
then wait but then I drew this a little
bit too high because if it's going to be
like this then the center of the if I'm
holding it like this and it's going to
be resting on something then the center
of the plunger is what like 18 up or
something like that it's going to be oh
it's going to be 19 and a 19 and a half
up so then let's say the plunger is like
this we actually want the plunger to be
in the middle so the
height of the um so if we look at here
to here here to here this is
62 and then here to here is
25 so uh so 62 minus 12.5 is yeah about
50 so what we're going to need
is uh 50
minus 19.5 so the height of this thing
needs to
be um about
okay and
um oh wait no what 19 millimeters what
the heck am I talking
about it needs to be is that right 49.5
or did I just not save it does this show
my history
oh yeah 30.5 okay needs to be
30.5 okay now
[Music]
um because that gets us to the middle of
the
flywheel so how is this going to look so
let's just extend this out so this needs
to
be okay so at the end of the 35 so now
we got to look at um let's do a new one
oh my gosh dude that's insane that paint
still is not a tab based program that is
wild that's
wild it just saves it as a PNG that's so
funny there isn't like a that's so
insane dude paint sucks that's crazy
okay of Channel
uh with
solenoid
okay terrible program so what do we need
to do
is um let just do
this okay
um so we
have Okay so let's say we have
this and this is uh
19.5 and then this goes forward
35 so we need the channel here to be
like
25 and that leaves
us 10 for this so this needs to be 10 so
we have a Channel with
10 and it then it goes up into this
Square
wait what am I
drawing uh th this goes
up and a ball Falls from here so there's
a
hopper I don't know how to draw it
um and then there's a hole in the back
of this is that what I'm saying so that
means that oh with the walls so we need
to
um with the walls so that means oh no so
that means that we really only have like
zero or we can make the walls thin
there's no real reason why the walls
need to be thick but that only gives us
if the walls are three then it's going
to be 35 - 6 which is or wait this is 25
it's going to be 10 - 6 is going to be 4
so that's not very
good
um and then behind this thing is going
to be the actual
solenoid okay so this is the
solenoid uh and uh so that means that oh
and then this thing but we don't really
care about that
um so this is going to be 35 + 64 right
so this whole
thing needs to be
35 + 60 is 64 right I think it
is is equal to one oh no 99
so
um that's pretty far if we were to
extrude this by 99
Ms so wait what's the front Okay this is
the back so we going to take this face
and extrude it by
100 that's going to be a big ass print
dude especially with the fact that we
have to do this um oh yeah I would just
print it upside down
is that a new body why is there like
a interesting oh yeah you know what we
could do though we could just print that
alone oh and we need to drill from no we
don't no we don't we need to drill from
under on the other thing these this does
need holes
though um I don't know why it's a
separate body
um maybe that's not the worst thing in
the
world but um can we look at it with the
actual where's the big thing the whole
assembly this is not the whole assembly
right yeah so we need to open up
okay so uh wow God was this a failure
um wait so yes can I just do
this brutal so what are we going to do
about
that well first off how are we even
planning on oh I was going to print the
whole thing again no yeah screw that I'm
I'm definitely not going to do that I'm
I'm just going to
CU I just need to get this working so
I'm just going to drill
holes and we're just going to
see um what I do have to do okay so um
wait let's just
save just save
this and update just so I can see
it what the hell
[Music]
okay whatever so here all we have to do
wait we have to figure out where to put
the
holes we don't really actually have that
much room to put the holes anywhere
right
because um let's just
say so let's revert position position
and let's just draw on
here and it's going to be a circle
like oh
wait uh Circle here and it's going to be
yeah
6.2 and this is not uh that and then the
distance from here to here is just let's
just say it's
um because we want it to be we want it
to be like 30 I mean if it's like 100
away like We actually want it to be like
way more than that but there's just no
way that we're going to be able to so if
I just extrude
this to object
including is that going to hit that's
the
question I mean
yes it
does so that's like where our limit
is but that's brutal
because well why don't we just why don't
we just redesign it so that it's not so
stupid so you could put one in there and
then you could put one like right
here it just adds more design
time and because how wide do this does
not need to be that
wide so wait why don't I just not do
this that sounds like a much better plan
just like don't even do this
Extrusion we oh wait why don't we use
this oh but these are like freaking not
centered right
they're centered with the hole but they
need to be over eight MLS I I hate I
hate interfacing with this I I I have to
put
them centered along this this so I'm
just going to drill more because
otherwise the design is like wonky like
why would those legs like that just
doesn't make any
sense um we could probably use one of
them I mean how why do we need to make
this if we're just going to draw a
sketch and we're going to just
wait why don't I get this
circle wait what am I even sketching
on I get the
center okay I don't know why I don't get
this I get vertical though that's fine
so wait but that's not what I'm talking
about I need to undo this I need to move
make a
line on this plane so it's vertical and
then it's distance to here is um yeah I
think it's eight but honestly I wouldn't
quote me on that and these will just
make horizontal but uh so now it's like
fully constrained except for this right
but that's okay and now we want to draw
a rectangle that's um what is it it's
it's going to be like 32 wait no no no
it's going to be like
99 by 32 but then we need to make this
like there is that all we need is
32 we
probably well and then okay but that's
just like the profile of this thing but
we need to make this
like at least 10 bigger so like plus 2 *
5 which is
wall I don't have many parameters in
here okay so but then we we want to make
this and this what midpoint I hate that
how do you
okay oh wait oh wait what you're
supposed to do is this to this
midpoint oh wait did I already do it
yeah midpoint this and this and now we
can just drag it in
right okay and then from the top what
we're saying
is this 99 is
the end of the travel right because here
to here is
right is that right no wait I think I
got this math wrong I think that this is
wait no yeah hold on so from the side we
got this thing that sticks out
17 then we get oh then we get 35
more and I think
no no no no we need we need it to be the
other way around we need it to be like
this where uh where this wall oh wait
hold on so let me actually
erase this so this is the hole and this
is the wall and this goes goes through
here and so we only have 35 so this is
going to
be I don't know how we're going to do
this because that means that the exit of
this thing literally like we can make
this part channeled we literally only
have that much space so the exit of this
pushes it like the fly wheels are like
right up against
that which maybe that's a good
thing but the issue is whether not cuz
the thing is they're they're forward a
little bit so we need to build we need
to build this B base and then we need to
build it up into the well up into the
front so
that uh so that it'll actually make
contact because otherwise it's not going
to make contact but that means that it's
like okay so you have um dude what okay
I'm going to TL draw you showed me TL
draw oh yeah I was I was trying this on
the iPad so good oh no this was
this was done these were actually done
with um the tablet that I got but uh can
I just oh wait can I just do page just
do a new page okay nice so
um okay uh can make it a little bit
smaller wait that's the brightness so
the
opacity wait damn it how do I make this
oh yeah
okay so um what am I trying to do here
I'm trying to um
so okay so we have the circle the top
wait okay so we have the top
plate and then we
have this and then we have the
wheel
uh the wheel wait so let's make this
bigger we have the wheel does the wheel
go over actually yeah it does
does so that means that we want it to be
like okay so that's the wheel and what
we need is oh yeah it's so hard to
maybe we should just freaking design
it so if we make it
50 then we could put four towards the
front the problem was yeah with way out
here then you're closer to the ra the
rim but we don't have an index on which
to align so when I drill it's going to
be a little bit annoying
oh great
okay
um how long have we been going I said
that it was going to take okay actually
we're not too far off um but this is
definitely going to take like at least
20 more minutes
okay so let's just get a rough shape
down Okay so this needs to
be let's get a parameter in here so like
okay so
total
um this is 99 it's n but this what is
the total length
here it should be 64 + 35 right isn't
that what I said
okay wait it's 17 + 64 + 39 is that
17 + 64 + 39 oh wait no
41 17 + 64 + 39
111 it says 125 I think on the product
description but I don't really get how
they're getting that number
e
okay uh
um so where am I getting the 99
from wait where am I getting 30 from 30
makes no sense was it 41 oh so it
is what the hell did 30 come from that's
stupid as hell okay so yeah so it's like
it's like
125 okay
so uh so uh so the total length is
125 but we can have this sticking off
the back so really our effective box the
the the outside let's just make it 64 +
17 64 + 17
plus uh
3 so hold on so the thing drops down
here flywheels right here this shoots It
Forward
35 okay so what we need for this are we
assuming there's nothing in the front of
it it's literally just a hole then this
is going to be
35 +
17 +
64 35 + 17 + 64
116 that's the magic
numb okay and then the width the width
we can actually make like okay wait so
the um Channel
width can you not use
spaces
crazy is um this is going to be
um 25 right
maybe I should make it all one
part so then
um okay wait but so we want to make a
rectangle that's going to be
25 plus 2 * 10 uh
5 so that's what is
that okay then plus the actual amount
which is going to be we can probably get
away with 10 so 2 * 10
and then this is going to be what is our
magic number total
Len so then okay so then the idea here
is actually we
draw uh two lines here and we we're also
going to draw a Center
Line we're going to mirror this but this
distance is going to be oops uh this
distance is going to be um 10 so okay so
uh and then you do the
wall am I going to exude this and then
do the wall honestly I could just do
half so let's just make this over two
and then we'll mirror
it wait no but I don't want to do that
because I want to do the well I
could it actually doesn't matter so
let's just do half because that's sort
of new for me oh
wait okay so then this Center Line we
don't need this is going to be
um but actually we want it to be
15 and we're going to extrude
this well it really doesn't matter okay
fine so let's just make it
five oh and we need the holes so let's
draw uh this is kind of annoying okay
let's draw a line from here to here and
then hopefully we get a center yeah so
now we get this and is this midpoint I
couldn't even tell oh yeah it it is but
it just they don't have it because
it's uh whatever so
now we are going to make this uh 6.3 6.2
and let's just make it uh
10 and then we're going to try to make
the another
one I'm going to try to make this does
this add a dimension no
and does it even yeah see that's funny I
mean it makes sense but also what okay
so now we want to try to make this as
much as possible can we can we get it to
45 it's not clear that we can so that's
sort of an
unknown um but so now we can well let's
see how far back can we realistically
uh what's up man wait hold on I don't
know if you're
um I gotta I gotta do something
what is this YouTube video that you
sent dude what what do you why would
that help
me it's just some random math lecture
bro who are
you wow it tells me that you're watching
without audio that's kind of super funny
whatever man
um okay when was it that one minute ago
okay so now what do is this 15 or 10 I
can't remember that's 15 so we're going
to extrude this by
five we're going to draw a sketch on
here here to
here and this is going to be five as
well I guess because I made
this oh wow so we we we can't do that so
we need to adjust this
sketch so this center line is not GNA
work because it's
15 so we want to delete this line and we
want to edit this to here to be
um not five we probably want it to be
three really no wait sorry three the
radius is three we need it to be
um five but then do we have enough room
is the
question okay so let's extrude this by
oh wait wait wait we can just finish
sketch and see what happens okay now we
want to extrude this we we probably have
enough so now what is the height of this
this height needs to be where's TL
drop
um so wait wait wait wait where's my PNG
where's my picture that I
draw okay so wait is that right 30
no that can't be right dude there's
absolutely no way it's 30
from oh maybe it is from here to let's
see let's
uh just get out of this okay so from
here to here is yeah 62 and then these
things
are 25 thick right wait no it was
59 it was uh it was 62 - 12 or no wait
not 5
right is it
here no I don't remember where I Dre oh
wait was it on
this
no
okay we're getting
there where am I I'm here so I'm pretty
sure that this
this is oh but the channel is actually
going to be lower so the center of the
ball so we want to actually add half of
78 of an inch we're going to add 716 of
an inch
so this is going to be
49 49
plus uh
inch and then this is oh 716 of an inch
okay so wait if I just save this and uh
do uh this is this part is going to be
the um
solenoid and
channel
folder okay so now I'm going to actually
go to the full assembly and instead of
doing all this I'm just going to have it
what are we going to do we're going to
place
it can we just align two midplanes I
don't think that's like like an okay
operation to
do okay but let's just
try oh wait it's going to be an admin
prob
all right um
um
minus
um 49 +
716 an inch + 5 oh wait oh wait -
5 wait uh yeah okay wait so uh
my
God no wait can we just
um wait this
this this
right the hell going to move this
component you're going to move this in
this direction
to okay oh wait did it do it
no close
enough and now we need to get it
over okay so that's kind of what I'm
thinking so we actually have oh we we
have like way more room and we actually
there's a reason why we want it to be
way back so we could probably make this
back like
um is it this we could probably make
this back like
70 let's make this back like 45 no let's
make this back like 35 if we finish
sketch and then we update this
thing it's h
that's horrible man wait did it actually
did it even move these it didn't even
move
these why is this thing been so bked
up it doesn't tell you anything
about the earliest remove
feature wait is that cuz I'm in an edit
oh is that just cuz I didn't save
why
not okay there we go all right so I'm
just being
silly
okay oh wait but I need to add I need to
add
um 35 to all of this because I'm
printing this as a new part so that I
don't have to print this all
again
um
okay so
in this Extrusion we actually then need
to do a plus
35 let's save that and I just want to
see where that looks like here
okay so now yeah okay so now we're ready
and uh we're ready
to this is what we're going to do we're
going to draw in here
a wait no no finish sketch what we're
going to do is we're going to draw let's
see this is the
front so we're going to draw on here
wait so let's undo this sketch because
this is a nonsense sketch so we're going
to do this and we are going to do an
arc we're going to do a a threep point
Arc okay and then this needs to be
right oh
[__] and we do we want tangency I think
we do want tangency so now we just want
to draw a
line like
this but the distance between here and
here is going to be yeah 15 that's right
and then this and this are going to be
horizontal and vertical then we're going
to draw a line through here yeah you see
and then we only want this to go back
actually um
it needs to go
back 35
right and
then around this we are going to
build undo
project rectang
angle extrude
five oh wait no no no no no no no no no
no bro what am I
doing so wait so wait we're going to do
this is the midpoint of this what is not
defined here oh this this needs to be uh
12.5 okay now we're going to extrude
this by minus
35 and now we're going to actually
mirror this whole body
should I do the features or should I do
the body I'll do the
features mirror plane we are going to
select this as the mirror plane actually
so we're going to make an offset plane
here and that's it and then we are going
to do the mirror and can we just do
bodies does it make sense to do bodies I
I I rarely do
body but like why not right and this is
a
join okay so wait but this is not right
because this channel is going to be too
thin for
the so okay so what we actually want to
do is we are going to keep that channel
except okay so before we do that we're
actually going to remove
right okay this is how we're going to do
it
so um I can I can just oops I can just
edit this and do it all
again so but
uh okay so what we what we want to do is
we want to draw a
rectangle uh yeah like
15 and then we want to add uh we want to
make it so that
the outer width of this whole no the
inner width of this whole
thing
is oh and screwing this in is actually
going to be a nightmare maybe I should
put a top casing on it because if I slot
this thing in like that maybe I could
just get rid of the walls there I might
just delete the walls so that it it's
goes like this and then it drops in okay
but we'll do that in a second so we want
to make this a parameter whereby the
distance from here to the
midpoint we going to make a line where
this is going to be oh yeah perfect is
it no it's 16 right so we want to make
it 1 16 +
1 and so this is actually the mid plane
basically the line of the mid
plane is that right what did I what did
we say in those
images but this is
32 but
honestly maybe I should turn it like
this so we want we want um yes so this
is wrong oh no the Channel width is
correct but what's wrong
is okay so let's turn it on the side
because then it'll be way easier to
um
disassemble that's a great idea let's
just do that so then we need to make
this 39 so we need to make it 40 and
that's going to be really
snug okay so this is going to be
oh but what we're going to do actually
so we don't want it from
here we do want it from here because
what we're going to do is if we add a uh
so this is going to be 20
actually because so we can save
some because then so this is going to
have a channel in it right but then
we're going to
like we're going to like do a thing
where we
[Music]
um oh wait wait but we want to go before
the
mirror so wait let's undo this sketch
let's go before the mirror we're going
to draw on here and we're going to draw
a rectangle that's
um what is it it's going to
be it's G to go to this
and then this is just going to be that
minus 35
wait that channel is 35 so no no it's
going to go all the way to
there right so what we're going to do is
we're going to just uh lob this
off but what
we are going to
do yeah 81 we want this oh my God and
this to be
coincident is that good okay so now we
want to extrude this
by um by that parameter that
value so we want to go back
to this
yeah so what is this line wait wait wait
wait what are we editing
here are we editing a
sketch so we still need to add that for
the top part and then we need to add
so this is the sketch that I want oh
yeah there we go so
um yeah okay
so okay sweet
so but that means now so that means okay
wait so this is unconstrained but what
we want is now we want the
arc and we want it to be like this and
we need it to be
25 oh wait dude I'm so bad at that
threep point Arc
Doom 25 and then the
horizontal okay then we do this and now
we want
the uh we want
we want the radius of this thing to be
12.5
right so that means that we
want and we want this and this to be
collinear or
whatever and then I want this oops this
and this to be
horizontal did I do
it so wait so this is only two
okay so then we what we want is we want
oh okay so then we
want this and we get this shape so now
we want to extrude this by minus 35
right and
then why didn't the mirror work wait why
isn't this going to work
oh yeah wait so let's just delete
that we're going to fix this midplane so
we delete
this and then the mid plane this is the
plane or not mid plane but oh it is the
mid
plane so then we just want to do
this hello I don't I don't get why it's
not listening to me configure
whatever we're just going to do it again
we're going to so we're going to mirror
oh wait what happened
to oh yeah we still need to do
that oh is that is that wrong yeah I was
worried about that because the distance
this is going to
be oh wait but now we only have 16
actually I think it's going to be fine
wait so that goes out by 50 that's
that's fine this needs to be a
join wait do we have more than one body
right now no okay and so now we want to
mirror we want to mirror wait where
we're up
here mirror this whole body on this
plane so now if we are going to we're
just going to
um okay can I just look like look at
what it uh does on here
yeah so it's off center a little bit but
pretty
close what what is the SW word
bro what's up
my
e e
okay so let's see how long we've been
going I feel like I'm getting close an
hour 30
oh my slurp waffle
nice also known as sip
cookie dude that's awesome okay um so
wait I want to actually uh I want to
make an
assembly document because I forgot to do
new component so this is going to
be um uh solenoid
feeder assembly and we are going to
first start by inserting the solenoid
and channel
holder and that's fine now we're going
to insert another component and that's
going to
be
the uh the solenoid
itself and what we want okay what we
want is that this point no not that
point really though well we could just
offset it I think I think that's
probably the best s option so we go
there and we oh we want it to be there
that's that's right isn't
it okay and then we just move it up by
three three is that right
four five no
four wait no no no no no but we need to
adjust that because this needs to go
back by
17 oh so we actually
have so wait so okay so let's save this
and we when we
had what is it called
this it was this Extrusion no it was
this
Extrusion and it goes back by 35 but it
actually needs to be minus
17 oh
um oh wait okay okay so wait we need to
make that a parameter
um this is going to be 35 wait 35 + 17
is that
right this is how far back the solenoid
head is from Channel
front big ass name but descriptive
but we don't need the channel to go all
the way that far back
right maybe I should do this a better
way with a path and then
sweep and then should I Barrel this
maybe it's actually better that I uh
that I made a big block and then I draw
a circle on this block and then okay
what if I tried
that so what would we need to do
that's such a good idea I kind of like
that way better so what we're going to
do is we're going to roll this back
to
uh to
this okay and
now
um this is going to be how far down I
don't I don't remember how far down that
was so I need to look at the
sketch oh yeah
15 okay so we want to go back all the
way to
here oh wait so why don't we just okay
why don't we just reduce the height of
this by
15 is that right
wait I want to verify because I don't
want to I'm moving fast and I really
don't want to mess this
up yeah so this is 15 yeah so we want to
reduce it by 15
okay now we just want
to draw on here and we're not going to
do the midplane thing anymore I'm just
going to go the full well actually no I
will so this will be five and this will
be the full length and then we're going
to oh wait and then we're going to
extrude this by the uh width Channel
width outer wall
width but
um so this is uh so this is over wait
this is uh this is going to be
this
minus
5 over two no that's not because then
it's going to
be no it's going to
be
uh this needs to be
20 total yeah so this needs to be like
this so yeah so it goes out by 15
because then here to here is 20 okay and
then we can just mirror this so we're
going to
mirror this
body oh wait we need to make a plane
here
mirror this body cross This Plane We
join it okay now we can just make a big
block well we have this
plane and what am I going to do I'm
going to
actually what what did I say this is
going to be
38 though sitting on its
side so we need it to be wider because
if this oh no
39 so actually needs to be the inner is
the inner is 40 so wait we should be
able to just change our parameters this
needs to
be+ 2 * uh + 2 *
5 great so now now if we were to
draw just a couple of wait actually so
we we need to delay this mirror because
I'm being like really
dumb so let's go before this
mirror and we are going to draw on here
and we're going to make walls they go
like this needs to be should it is it
going to be
64 it's going to be 64 +
17 and then this is going to be five and
then we're going to extrude this up by
32 and then we're going to put the holes
in here
and I I don't really want to do that
right now
okay then we're going to do another
thing on here we go like
this and this is going to get extruded
up why not to
there okay and then let's go to the
mirror P the mirror okay now I think
what we're ready to do is we're ready to
draw a circle on here so let's see if we
can
we have this line but then what we want
is this and we want this and this to be
coincident and so now we should
get the
wait do I get a midpoint here bro I want
a midpoint wait oh wait you know what I
have to do I have to do this I want that
and this is a construction and then what
what I'm saying is wait this doesn't
look big
enough this is 35 and we want a
25 and then we also want a 25 here
oh but we want this to be
um we want this to be
20 and this is not construction and then
now we want to finish get and we want to
draw a sketch on
here and we want to draw an arc
oops and it's going to be a tangent Arc
it's going to be a three-point Arc oh
wait why can't why am I not on the
right wait can I just do
this do I get this now okay
oops I didn't want to do that
this is going to over constrain it okay
so now we want to do a
sweep wait is it a loft or a sweep I
think it's a
loft uh I don't even know where that
thing is it's probably in here
speed
block you do Center Line oh you do
center
line there's a couple mosquitoes but I
got to just get this done
man uh wait where was I this is old I
want to go to
okay so wait so let's do the loft
loft and then Center Line and then we
want to select oh wait wait but I don't
want to select that yet I want to select
these
profiles okay then on here create sketch
this we want to make um what like 10
right and then we just want to bore this
thing through to
here okay now let's uh save
this and let's
update oh and uh this needs to be moved
over this joint right needs to
be that uh to uh to uh
here dude I'm [__] goated wait but we
need to actually edit this so that this
um
wait let delete the
joint
this goes right there
okay now I want to I want to do this
joints
wait wait
what oh this shouldn't be in there oh I
had the wrong thing active
whatever oh yeah wait no so I did it
wrong too because I yeah this is what I
always do with the freaking game Years
bro so wait so what we want to do is we
want to join
this
wait yeah that wait no hold on you see
that that's not
right that's not right at all we need to
edit the
um I think it's this I think we need to
make
this what did I say minus three
can we get a
inspect section
analysis on this
plane it's going to be
um
16 okay that's better
okay so we want to update
this wait but is this oh
wait oh wait what how did this get all
messed up
man oh you know what it is no okay hold
on right but then this plunger so it's
actually the uh it's actually this that
we need to
fix wait the joint
but where's the movement
stuff oh wait because this was an as
built
joint what we want to do is
join
this to
here and then move this down
three okay but now we have to fix the
motion too so wa if I were to do preview
motion right but what actually it is is
slider and then the maximum is
35 and I don't
know that's see the problem is that's
not right so maybe we have our lengths
wrong
well if I just do
this to
this
116 I think I think it's probably better
so wait so let's update this and make
sure that everything is
right right so wait
so this wait can I just move one of
these
where the where's the
joint where's the joint I don't
understand where the joint
is MHM
oh
wait oh
what is it
cuz oh wait
this is where the joint is and this
looks actually right so this is good so
wait so where was I oh yeah LOL
so okay cool so now this wait but is it
is it that no it's
it's
this goes to
there and then
this needs to be rotated
90 we actually made it kind of long
right okay wait so now I'm going to go
to
solenoid joints no solenoid coil joints
animate keep it
going wait
what yeah fix that
this is in
solenoid okay
do we think that oh sh
do we think that the ball is going to be
able to go in front of it I feel like we
need to move it back a little
bit so we want to move
it wait can I look at this joint
again from here to here is 35 so that's
our full travel so let's move it back
just a little bit we're not going to
move it back like a lot we're just going
to move it back
mm which is really
annoying but that's that's
definitely uh I mean we don't actually
want it poking out at
all okay so let's move it back 10 or
wait uh let's move it back eight
this is not really the best way to do
this but that's that seems good to
me right because we don't yeah yeah yeah
I don't know why I didn't think about
this we actually do have room for a
channel
but uh for
now for now this is going to be good
okay so now what I want to
do is I'm going to draw sketch on oh
wait um I'm going to oh wait is this
going to
work okay we're going to activate this
we're going to draw a sketch on here and
then we're going to hide it and we're
going to project
this okay now all we have to do is
draw um slightly bigger holes so wait
these are 2.5 is that even right okay
when I go and look at the
solenoid
wait yeah this is fine metal casing we
need to open this up and in
here uh how did we do this there is a
mirror so this is the holes and we made
it three
so then why is it saying that they're
not
three okay well in any case I'm going to
make them 3.4
whatever I'll just do two mirrors
because I don't really care so let's
hide the
solenoid oh wait wait wait wait first we
need to make them equal I
forgot uh this is going to be annoying
okay and then mirror
that
feature across the midplane which we
should have right whatever
oh wait why is that
hidden oh okay so wait we can just uh
undo that we can do a
mirror
feature what you can't select that
that's so stupid
okay I think that that's our part I
think we're good to go that does not
look
right that's definitely not
right turn off
analysis I don't know how I keep getting
all turned around Okay so
um okay so uh oh this project is going
to break or something
bro is that an emoji of
me that looks like
me resident sleeper bro where did you
get that from that's so
funny okay um dude I'm so [__] close
man
hey these are 36 from each other can I
verify
that
what okay that's definitely not right
oh because you know what this needs to
be actually from there
so I'm pretty sure this needs to be oh
this needs to be minus
three and
this needs to be uh 12 minus 3
right 16 oh no
no wait that wait this is oh
[__] okay wait this is the
bottom okay so let's edit that sketch
again okay so this is the bottom and the
bottom is 16 from there right so from
the cuz for some reason they have a
right angle there I don't have a right
angle there but they have a right angle
there so that's
16 and then this one is 12 presumably
to the very edge so this one needs to be
yeah n okay so now the distance between
this is 30 which is still not right
because it needs to be
36 what's the distance
between this and this that's six bro
okay that looks like way more right and
then what's the distance between this
point and this point 15 it said that it
was supposed to be
19 what is it
actually it's 19 so we
have oh and this oh and this dimension
what is
this this should be uh this should be
correct dude why is that
selected okay so that's
correct so this oh you know what it is
is this needs to be min-6
right okay I mean that looks pretty good
that looks a lot more right so now we
need to update
that
okay hopefully some of those line
up all right we did it we're ready to
print this thing
out it's so tall is this really how tall
it
is that's
117 dude that's not right
117 let's go to the
um the full assembly
from here to oh yeah like can we can we
just um let's just update this
thing oh wait so we want to actually uh
yeah we want to delete the wait can we
just replace component oh hell yeah dude
that's so
sick and it's going to be so solenoid
feeder
assembly nice man
then the placement of this thing is
going to be an issue what I'm going to
do is I'm going to put a big
fillet on this
casing okay so we're going to do this
we're going to put oh wait not here
we're going to put a big
fillet wait I can't fill it that
why
not okay why don't I just do this
then wait so wait we want to this in
place oh there we go
sick okay where's the full
thing dude that's so
hype this design is so much sicker than
before oh yeah that's just the
um all right [__]
it I'm going to print it out we're going
to see how it
works how do I get rid of this
thing all right all right all right all
right bamboo open up so I can freaking
go
eat so how long did that take me
okay um what's new what's new what's new
what's new what's new come on dude
people say bamboo studio is great but
bamboo studio is slow
man okay
Auto I probably needs support right
no
support hell
yeah that's
hype that's hype you get you got to make
simple designs
man all right let's go it only took two
hours I think I was expecting it to take
one hour but two hours is actually
pretty good for me to get a part
done all right peace peace peace peace
peace peace peace